Dear Fellow Stakeholders,
The test of a great company is whether it has the ability to constantly manage for
both the level of returns and the duration over which those returns will be
realized.
It’s a challenge that we at PepsiCo embrace, because we recognize that there’s
always a bigger picture, a longer time horizon and a broader world in which we
operate.
Our heritage as a food and beverage powerhouse runs deep. What began with
Pepsi-Cola more than a century ago and became PepsiCo with the addition of the
Frito-Lay snack business nearly 50 years ago, has transformed into a global,
diversified company with more than $65 billion in annual revenue. We are the
largest food and beverage business in the United States and one of the largest in
the world.
If our history and trajectory have taught us one thing, it’s that we have to think
in terms of both quarters and generations.
Business does not operate in a vacuum — it operates under a license from
society. We recognized early that when we transform our business to deliver for
our consumers, protect our environment, and invest in our employees — we
achieve sustained value. In fact, these actions fuel our financial returns.
In 2007, we articulated this powerful idea through Performance with Purpose, our
goal to deliver sustained, top-tier financial results through:
• Transforming our portfolio to provide a wide range of foods and beverages,
from treats to healthy eats, to sustain topline growth;
• Finding innovative ways to reduce our impact on the environment, which
enables us to lower our costs at the same time; and
• Providing a safe and inclusive workplace for our employees around the globe to
attract and retain the best talent, and investing in the communities in which we
do business to retain our license to operate.
From our operations on farms and the plant floor, to delivery of our products to
store shelves, to strategic decision making — we are guided by Performance with
Purpose. It’s more than a vision statement. It’s the soul of PepsiCo. Over the past

seven years, we have woven Performance with Purpose into every aspect of our
business — and in doing so, changed the very fabric of our company.
We have achieved some impressive results.
We are transforming our portfolio to offer consumers more choice, successfully
launching nutritious products like Quaker Real Medleys, Trop50, Gatorade Energy
Chews, Muller Quaker Dairy yogurt, baked snacks, and lower-calorie products like
Pepsi Next. In 2012, 49 percent of our U.S. beverage volume was in juices, low- or
zero-calorie drinks, and active hydration beverages.
We’ll continue to innovate in the growing tasty nutrition space and across our
portfolio to meet changing consumer needs.
We’re proud to be a leader in water stewardship and continuously work to
minimize our environmental impact. We have reduced our water usage by more
than 20 percent per unit of production since 2006. And by teaming up with
partners around the globe, we have provided access to safe, clean drinking water
for 3 million people. Our achievements were recognized with the Stockholm
Industry Water Award and the U.S. Water Prize in 2012. We have also reduced
the packaging weight of our products (primarily in our beverage bottles) by more
than 350 million pounds over the last five years, exceeding our goal by more than
20 percent. We remain committed to environmental stewardship at every level of
our company.
PepsiCo’s talented people are vital to our continued success, and we continuously
invest in our associates, giving them the tools and training to succeed. I recently
saw firsthand the expertise and passion of PepsiCo’s diverse team in the Asia,
Middle East and Africa Sector, where we’re employing more women in Saudi
Arabia than ever before. And our Asia Pacific team has increased the female
executive promotion rate to nearly 50 percent. In the United States, women,
people of color and people from diverse backgrounds comprised more than 60
percent of the new hires from our college campus recruiting in
2012. We have also established a Human Rights
Operating Council to better coordinate, implement and monitor our human rights
strategy across our global operations.

In all of these areas, Performance with Purpose fuels our growth and allows us to
stay ahead of trends shaping our industry and the world in which we operate. It
galvanizes our global associates, positions our business to deliver today and well
into the future, and protects resources for the next generation.
We’re proud of what we have achieved so far but recognize that there is much
work to do to meet the aggressive goals we’ve set for ourselves.
PepsiCo has the capacity, and the will, to lead. We will continue to work with
governments, NGOs, local community partners and other industry leaders toward
common goals and fight for those things that make the world a better place.
At the heart of PepsiCo and our Performance with Purpose vision is the powerful
idea that every footstep matters, but so too does the horizon to which you’re
headed. We’re proud of the individual steps we’re taking, and the larger journey
on which we’ve embarked.
We remain steadfastly dedicated to building a profitable and sustainable 21st
century corporation — one that is a good investment for our shareholders, a good
environment for our employees, a good citizen in our communities and a good
steward of our planet’s resources. That’s Performance with Purpose. It is
important now more than ever.

Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer

