Message from Mike Duke
The 2012 Global Responsibility Report documents Walmart’s steps toward
becoming a more sustainable, responsible company and building
meaningful, long-term change. It details our progress against specific
goals, the wide range of issues we’re engaged on and strengthens our
commitment to transparency. You will also learn about two new initiatives
we launched in 2011: healthier, affordable food and women’s global
economic empowerment.
Part of our approach to sustainability is to set ambitious goals. We believe that
we can make the biggest difference when we leverage our size and, as Sam
Walton often told us, “swim upstream.” In late 2005, we set three core goals for
sustainability: 1) to be supplied 100 percent by renewable energy; 2) to create
zero waste; 3) to sell products that sustain people and the environment. We
didn’t know exactly how or when we would achieve these goals, but we believed
we could get there, and we continue to work toward them every day.
Of course, it would have been easier to set a lower bar to achieve something we
already knew how to do. But we believe that challenging ourselves to exceed
expectations, especially our own, leads us to try different things, break new
ground and deliver better results.
Last year, we held our principle of setting ambitious goals to a high standard. In
January 2011, we stood with U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and launched a major
initiative to bring healthier, more affordable food to America. In one year, we
saved customers nearly $1.1 billion on fresh fruits and vegetables, and we
recently launched our “Great for You” icon, making it easier for customers to
identify healthier food.
At the Home Office in September, in front of an extraordinary group of leaders on
global women’s issues, we announced another major initiative to empower
women across our worldwide supply chain. We were honored just a few days
later when U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recognized our commitment to
double our sourcing from women-owned businesses in every market globally and
invest in retail training programs to help 200,000 women internationally and
200,000 women in the U.S.
Michael T. Duke

President and
Chief Executive Officer

