Not great You have to pay for everything, this app sucks, try at least giving some free episodes, I tried picking up survivor but I can't with this app
Paid for nothing I paid for an app that really doesn't have good shows to watch. Also the time frame of being able to watch any one episode is extremely short.
 Great app. Have this on Roku except for the fact that it has to many commercials way too often especially since I'm paying for it on roku and what I mean about way too many is that where there is usually a commercial break on regular TV on this CBS site you will see the same 3-4 commercials 3+ times in a row before the show starts again.  Since I'm paying for it there definitely is too many commercials too often. But I definitely enjoy the shows they offer that's why I'm still on their site.
 I used to love this app and watch shows on it almost everyday and had no problems with it at all. But now since they redid it and you had to reinstall it, the shows come up but nothing will work or play at all. When you hit a show to watch it ends up taking you back to the main page. If they would fix it, I would give it a much better rating.
Casting works, shady ads, and no episode info! As a paid customer it's great to cast our favorite TV shows on our big screen from our phone and tablet. 2 things need improvement: 1. weird banner ads on the bottom, like android Antivirus software. Really?? 2. I want to know about a particular episode to see whether I watch it already. After some digging I am able to pop up some info but it's about the entire series in general. Come on,  the cable box I dumped for you was better than this.
 The app doesn't respond everytime. And there are too many ads but other than them 2 things it's great!
CBS &lt;3 Best TV app EVER ! Fantastic all the way around! Streams perfectly, watch live TV without screw ups. That's even with using hotspot! Highly recommend it. Totally worth the $5.99 :) @denizTurkmen ....after you start the episode, put it on stop. Go back. On the right where the screen is hit "episode info", it will tell you about it so you will know if you saw it already :) works best on computer or tablet!
At least they're seeing the light Finally allowing at least 1 tv provider to watch live. But at least they opened their eyes to the complaints & unfairness. Now they just need to hurry & get the important MAIN PROVIDERS like Dish, Directv, Cox, Comcast, Verizon etc.
Try again. I will not pay to watch TV that shows commercials. You are a broadcast channel. If you offer live or next day shows I will be happy to watch them and the commercials. Think of the coverage you could offer your sponsors. Your viewership would explode.
Messes up I'm going to continue paying for this app even though there are commercials. Also the volume dwindles when I'm listening to a show. Ex. They are talking and it's fine but all of a sudden the volume of their voices change.. I hate the commercials
Way behind other streaming services When one episode ends it automatically goes to the most recently aired episode which doesn't make sense if I'm watching season 1 and there are two seasons. There is no indicator telling you if you've already watched an episode. Only 8 episodes of Criminal Minds?!? Fix 2 of these 3 issues and I'd add 2 more stars. I love CBS and I want to love this app.
Worst streaming app ever released Comercials come in very clear and they will make sure you watch them every single time you restart a segment...everything else is constantly buffering...whoever singed off on this app being production ready should be fired and banned from ever working on mobile products
Too Many Ads I extremely enjoy the ability to watch my favorite shows but the excessive ads kill the experience. For a paid subscription I expect a better user experience.
 It makes u wait a week to watch the free episodes... And for the last 3 days it keeps saying that "we are experiencing difficulties so try back later so I haven't been able to use the app at all....fix these problems and I'll give u a 5 star
Works okay, ads are annoying It works alright. It's nice to get all the shows, but it's buggy with the commercials. If you switch from phone to Chromecast or visa versa it skips way back on what you were watching and makes you rewatch all the ads you've already seen.
Worst App I've ever encountered Video quality is poor. App is not user-friendly. Chromecasting is sketchy at best. It doesn't allow you to fast forward or change your place reliably.
 This app worked great for the free trail but now that I've been charged with the monthly fee. The streaming is choppy. I have tried restarting my phone. Made sure no other apps were working at the same time even made sure my wifi was working and nothing seems to solve the problem
Needs lots of work! There's a lot of great programming,, but the app so needs a severe overhaul, it's slow constantly buffering and I have great service! Avg. 700kbs ,ui is terrible and the hated constant signing in!!! If you try to log in thru FB or Google+ there's way to much info asked for!  NEEDS COMPLETE OVERHAUL BY SOMEONE THAT UNDERSTANDS VIDEO STREAMING!!!!
Works, but terrible This is the worst streaming media service. The ads are obnoxious and make skipping around within a show very slow and tedious, if I want to resume watching near the end of a show I can be forced to sit through a dozen ads first. The show selection is also lousy. For $5 a month you get all the ads plus a few minor perks. For free you get about 4 episodes of the Big Bang Theory. If you pay you get an additional 3 or so. Not even a full season. Lastly, the app forgets my login information occasionally.
Audio often stays at low quality I usually watch with chromecast, and while it sometimes improves a few minutes in, the audio often stays at low quality through the whole video segment. And I don't think the commercials are any more than on TV, but they are very repetitive. Notification controls while casting would be a nice improvement too.
Why so glitchy? I love 48 hours and 60 minutes and was so excited to find this channel.  I signed up for the 5 day free trial.  I'm mixed.  All of the CBS content is there, but it is really glitchy.  The commercials stop, repeat, then the show will start to come on then flash back onto a commercial you just watched.  I've watched on my Samsung phone with fewer problems, but my Roku seems to be where most of the issues occur.
Mobile app sucks Starting with *flashing* red and green pop ups, courtesy of Google. Make it impossible to even pick a show. And I am sure that people with the kind of epilepsy triggered by flashing red or green lights "really" appreciate getting blindsided. CBS is great, on a computer. Mobile app worse than useless; totally unwatchable.
 They make you pay to watch commercials streaming sucks cbs is greedy and picture quality sucks come on cbs your network has some the best shows to bad you guys like ripping your viewers off guess ill have to quit watching cbs totally and make sure I post everywhere i can about how greedy cbs is and crappy the service is they get paid for the commercials and then charge us to watch them can you say rip off
Shame App was made with one thought  in mind...flowers streaming of commercials...they nailed it... verything else SUCKS! How much add revenue do you need to make before building a half decent app? Seriously - shame on you!
 It keeps freezing. Doesn't play good then when it finally does after 20 minutes it freezes again!! I just wanna catch up on my soaps and I can't!!
screen size issues in current version My gbox q started experiencing screen size issues after the latest updates.  screen only appears extremely narrow instead of full 1080p.  01/15/16 - still no fix for screen size/orientation issue on Gbox q.  04/17 - update...latest download actually made it worse.  CBS please fix
CBS Review. Great get to catch up on my soaps..bold and the beautiful an young and the restless.
Rip off! Why pay to watch commercials? Not real happy. At least you should be able to fast forward past them. ABC and NBC free so I expect commercials and don't mind watching them. Why pay for the...privilege?? Won't use till cbs starts treating us as well as other networks.
Way below the industry standard I expected so much more from the CBS all access app. The ads are way too loud. There is no notification bar control. The organization of the shows list is horrible to navigate. I guess I'm just done with CBS shows.
Wish I could love watching full episodes. Seems more like a sales pitch to pay to watch what should be free. Isn't that why you have commercials. Uninstalling. Not worth taking up my phones memory. Ba-bye.
Good app but.... I can't watch episodes until like a whole week after they come out.
Crashes and hangs constantly Might have good shows, but who can tell when you can't watch more than a few minutes - Great work CBS - NOT!
Frustrating We use this app but it sure is disappointing..it skips, it repeats segments, waaaaay too many commercials, hard to find shows...and we are paying $6 a month for this frustration.
Rubbish Unless you have "CBS all access" you can't watch every episode of anything only the episodes labeled as free (which isn't many) even when signed in through your tv provider.
The app Why do i have to pay to watch shows the other stations let you sing in with your tv provider so why not this one are they that greedy
Paying for the worst streaming service. It has trouble with buffering or doesn't buffer so it hangs much worse than either Netflix or Amazon. It's also ridiculous that after paying for the streaming service there are still awful adds on top of the app while you're selecting a show and then the shows themselves still have as many commercials as regular TV. All in all not worth the cost.
Great watch, but subscription update My old card expired & I can't update my subscription on the app so it ended my only problem with this app.
App is slow, and why am I paying to watch ads? Huge disappointment.  Takes forever to load, have to constantly watch ads, no autoplay and doesn't pick up where you left off.  Why am I paying six bucks a month for this?  I have no idea.  I will be cancelling my subscription and uninstalling the app.
CBS rules!! Love all my cbs shows.. would rather pay cbs to watch them than some big cable conglomerate..
Pay for subscription and get nothing! I have paid for all access and when I try to watch a video it says I need to upgrade, I go to my subscription settings and it shows I am paid this month till the 5th of may. What a waste!!!!
Ehh Quality isn't great even on wifi. Can't seek without getting 3 minutes of commercials. I wish it would give you a few seconds to figure out if you were in the right spot ..
The ap has potential The hoops you have to jump through are intolerable. Free subscription... Click it... Press the button for the show you want to watch, and you have to upgrade to another subscription. Then one show 40 minutes long is riddled with commercials making it 30 minutes longer. You think that if you pay for it... You can skip the commercial? Nope. Its also the SAME commercial over and over. I watched 2 shows. That was enough for me to know this blows!
Good not great Lacks simple but obvious features such as including an episode synopsis so you can figure out if you already watched that one. The thumbnails are not enough. Downloading the episodes on wifi would be great too for those of us with only mobile data plans. Customizing the quality of the video like netflix allows would also be a huge help. Again, for those with limited data. Netflix default uses 1gb per hour but you can lower the resolution with little difference in quality and use only .33gb per hour.
Love app I pay to watch live TV on this application I understand sometimes it has glitches but I don't think it's fair that when it says live TV and you click on it it says that the program is not available for live TV
 I really find CBS all access to be just the thing I need on my LG G4. Many shows that I enjoy when I'm away from my TV at home. The performance has been outstanding. I have other TV channels on my phone but this is by far my favorite.
They finally figured out how to Get two bites of the apple one from the advertisers and one of course from the poor consumer.  I might consider it if the price model was different such as buying a series rather than paying per month for most shows I am not interested in viewing either over the air for free or the Internet. Jeez theses corporation are greedy next they will want to vote , oh yeah that's on the table too
Used to be great now stinks to high heaven This new"upgrade" is the ultimate example of garbage. In watching two episodes of 30 minutes each it bufferd 20 to 30 times per episode but never ever buffered during any of their fabulous commercials. The combination of the app upgrade and whatever they've done to the server has made the app totally useless to watch any show with any enjoyment whatsoever. The person who wrote this thing should be summarily fired - from a cannon. I plan to never use it again.
Wastes time Constantly interrupted playback while loading data.  (Not my connection... Netflix is just fine). Forgets where I left off on a show.  Moving forward or back in a show forces you to sit through two minutes of commercials... PITA!
 I'm not sure why I need to sign up for ANOTHER bill when most apps allow users to qualify to view new episodes by verifying their cable network. Besides this feature, the app is OK.
Video play terrible It buffers more than it plays. The commercials play perfectly but as soon as the shows come back it buffers every 30 seconds.
 Commercial breaks horrible .always cuts off in middle of show.shouldn't have to wait for show to download after every break
Nice app...but... I understand the need for ads in free apps but if u pay the monthly subscription of 5.99 there should not be any commercials or at least very few... One per break maybe... Yes stupid to pay so much to get the same experience as the free thing the only difference is that u can watch episodes as soon as they air instead of having to wait a few days... Not worth paying for it unless u cut the commercials
Commercials I'm paying for this service and I have to sit thru commercials? It also has issues that don't allow the CBS app to cast to Chromecast's latest device.
 I love i can watch the episodes that i miss on tv but the quality, the freezing up, and allnthe adds really suck. Fix that and ill give a better rating.
to many ad's sucks I work for the carnival and have no tv I downloaded this app to watch my shows it use to be free now it's not  so I paid the $5.99 it costs and even when u pay u still have to watch commercials I could c having ad's on the free version but it is messed up to have them on the paid version
Really? I have to pay twice for your content? I have to watch ads? I have to put up with lame banners while scrolling? No thanks.
Freakn' annoying It would be great IF it didn't keep buffering every 2 maybe 3 mins. Seriously!?!?!!! Even if I let it sit and buffer for awhile..long while..it STILL does it. WTH!!!
Pretty awesome! Now I can catch up with my favorite episodes (bigbangtheory) after work
Stop trying to rip off the cbs watchers. Remove the monthly fee. It's a shame that you need to pay to watch shows that's already on free tv channels.  I really believe it's s ripoff.  Also there are so many commercials at least if you have to pay take out the commercials this wasted so much of my data. It use to be free to watch full episode here. But CBS doesn't want loyal watchers they want the money. Free advice record your favorite shows are watch them on regular tv for free. Than maybe CBS would take this ridiculous monthly price away.cable apps are FREE!
OK but needs work Doesn't  return to where I left off like Hulu slow loading when I advance in show
 You don't get full access to all of CBS,  select shows are blocked, i.e. Sunday football, some daytime shoes, etc.  Shouldn't call it full access when it's not.
Awesome app I love this app. Super easy to use and love that i can catch up on my shows
Good This is the only way I can watch some of my favorite shows. I would like to see all the Ncis series released on Netflix.
Hate it! App jumps forward, then back, then forward, again and again, and skips scenes ... this app sucks!!
 Tis app needs controls for video quality so you can watch your shows without all the buffering
PAY TO WATCH ADS CBS has some of the best TV there is. I love the shows but detest having to fork out a monthly contribution to watch the same, most annoying ads...many ,and frequently. Oh well, I guess they gave me a  long enough break to hit the mute button and write this review.
 Don't like watching commercials in an app that I pay for and the shows buffer all the time but the commercials play just fine, the same ones over and over and over again
Worst streaming app out there! Seriously CBS?  Worst quality stream. Poor audio and video. Lots of commercials, missing the most common sense features. For 6$ monthly?  When are you guys going to get your act together?  you should be embarrassed to release an app like this and then charge for it. Live stream is almost useless. I have tons of bandwidth, the issue is only with CBS's stream. They don't even have all episodes of some current shows. Please remove the ads from the bottom of the app for paid users. You guys are milkin this!
CBS It is good app to down load I like it when I want to watch my shows
MistyCallis I don't like it that I have to pay more money just to watch a full movie
Nothing lower then one star Used to work, then they improved it...now it doesn't.
Doesn't work with Google cast. Anytime I try to play a show and cast it I get an error saying it failed to load. When I play the episode on the device a lone it loads with no issue.
Force closes after update I loved this app until the update. Now it just force closes and freezes my phone up everytime I try to watch a show. I end up having to remove my battery to restart my phone.....
Upsetting I love a lot of these shows.  I downloaded this app to be able to spend downtime occupied.  However I only watched three shows and my data was outrageous!!!  If I knew it did this to begin with then I wouldn't have downloaded it.
Ads... Really? I pay subscription! Why the hell does this app have ads since I pay for a subscription? Also, since I pay, why can't I watch ANY episode from the current season, not just the last few. That's crap. To top it off, sometimes you get a message to go to the website to watch from a computer. WTF this is 2016 in the mobile world, right? Garbage!
 I pay $6 to watch CBS and ALSO HAVE TO WATCH COMERCIALS?!?! HELLO PAID FOR A SUBSCRIPTION THERE SHOULD BE NO COMERCIALS!
WTfroggy This app keeps asking me to upgrade to CBS all Access even though I already have upgraded. I'm tried multiple times to get it to work.   y'all need to give me a refund.
Making you pay to watch your shows, that's bullshit Bullshit hate this appp. Thinking I could download this app to catch up on my shows when I'm not home or something doesn't get recorded and it's wanting yoh to pay to watch your shows. The nbc app doesn't make yoh pay neither does amc or MTV or tlc this isn't right
Update sux It said I am not connected to internet but I am and I have 4g I'm paying for this app so plz fix it and the only reason I pay is to watch big brother and now it said no videos for any season I want my money back
Rubbish in so many ways Almost feels like there is no compression on the stream, so much slower than Netflix or Hulu. So many ads, ads don't have volume normalized so tutu go from low volume to ear exploding volume between ads.
Commercials Too many commercials.  I watched my one "missed" episode of Survivor, time to uninstall CBS.
 Offer free trial for 7 days and then NOT give a code so I can GET the 7 day trial! You suck!! I will delete app. No reason to set up payment type IF 7 days are free! After the 7 days THEN shut it down if nothing set for payment! I used to think CBS was one of the best networks now you make me think you are all alike! APP.....DELETE!! Thanks for NOTHING!
Great app Sometime audio went silent between commercials and shows. Also, on Fire TV stick the location is not available at all so live TV is not at correct station.
Constant crasher Can't watch what I downloaded the app for because your can't get past accepting the terms of use makes the app 100% useless
Glad I didn't pay it... worst experience ever. Got this app yesterday because my Hulu doesn't have the last season of one of my series so, I got the trial version. So glad I didn't paid full price, because I will be really angry. Extremely poor connection, it stops every 45 seconds... doesn't last over a minute fine (its not my WiFi or cel data, because every other app works great) and the commercials.... really?!?!? For real you have to see over 2 mins in commercials, even paying?? Uninstalled.
I love this app!!!!!! Can beat the price, and the benefits to u get along with it  love, love, love!
Paid but no go I hate paying for an app subscription that doesn't work.
 It always freezes and is very slow. I have cancel and yet they keep charging me. Hate this site. Wish it worked better cause I do however love there shows
Great shows, Clumsy App You gotta love the line-up but the app is very primary. Good luck moving around in this clumsy beast!
 excellent entertainment and sports programming. however your news.... anyway just stick with sports and entertainment.
Ok Video is not great.  Very choppy lots of stopping and buffering, I don't have that issue with any other app
It's all about the ads It took several attempts to install followed by distorted and grainy video. The only time there is a clear picture is when ads are showing, and there are plenty of them.
SUCKS Downloaded to watch 60 minutes old episodes.  It's not user friendly at all. UNINSTALLING
Consistently inconsistent I have problems with my All-Access All-the time
Loved it Not working after update. Fix plz uninstalling
So frustrated Constantly asks for my email then says it's ivalid.i have to call the costomer service line for help before i can watch my show.
Issues Lags way to much. Losses it place after that so you have to try and fast forward. No other program has this issue. Hulu, Netflix, etc...
Love it I rarely take the time to rate any application but this one has all my favorite shows for just a few bucks a month. It is worth it.
Bold an  beautiful/young an restless Daytime  soaps
 STOP DEACTIVATING/FORGETTING MY ANDROID TV!!!! I'M SICK OF HAVING TO REAUTHORIZE/LOG IN ALL THE TIME
Love watching full episodes I love watching full episodes but it seems like you watch maybe 2 or 3 minutes of show at a time and 5 minutes of ads at a time. Love being able to watch CBS when I miss episodes. Thank you so much for the low price.
So Disappointed! Last week the app was working fine.... Maybe the update was a downfall.... I've tried to reset password, but my new password isn't working. Now, the email to reset it again isn't being sent. I pay for this service and I shouldn't have to go through the extra headache. What's the point in giving you my money if I cannot use the app?!    App Version: 2.9.1 #1055 OS Version: 6.0 Device: LGLS770 Account: 17491306.                 And now you want to make me pay twice?!!!!! I need a refund!
Cbs Love the channel it's got my favorite show.
Constant buffering It takes an hour and a half to watch a 45 minute show.  Why?  This does not happen on any other platform I use. Also the app does not accept the discount code I was given to use.
 I do love this app BUT...the issue I have is that if I have to interrupt playback and come back to a show later the app starts the show from the beginning. This can be very annoying.
Most great. Some shows don't work. Mostly great. Some shows, like Scorpion, just stop in the middle & you can't see the rest of the show. What's the point??
SLOW Constantly reloads during shows. Watch the same adds over and over again while it tries to decide if it's going to play or not. Will end episodes after commercials and go back to home page. Then when you go back to the show it starts the whole thing from the beginning. If I fast forward then it loops the ads again. Crappy app. Would uninstall if wiffy could get shows else where.
Google cast fails Google cast or chrome cast fails on launch. Plz fix. Paying for content with commercials  totally worthless app.
AWSOMEEE!!! that's all I'm sayin.
Cancelled Tried letting CBS know that my Norton has deemed CBS as high-risk! Comments fell on deaf ears even though I emailed them a picture of the high risk comment. Choppy viewing. Wish i could attach a picture of the "high risk" pop up from Norton.
It is suppose to be free. It tells me i need to sign up so do then it tells me i have to pay
Drives me crazy I pay for a service i have to watch commercials on and the constant signing in drives me crazy!
Subtitles don't work The closed captioning never works!! I love watching the news using the app, but I am frustrated with the subtitles. Please fix it!  I'm using a Motorola phone and transmitting the show to my TV using Chromecast.
I like because I get to watch my show Great show.
Let's Make a Deal It's a fun show for the whole family
It's awesome I am OTR a lot, and to have my favorite shows to watch when I want and where I want is priceless
Too meny tv adds Paid should meen less bullshit adds and really viagra adds wtf
Rip off You shouldn't have to pay for this if you have a cable provider. What they only except one provider from what I see. You guys SUCK!!!!!
Such great TV, such a bad app Any ui features you would expect this app doesn't have.
 I think Google Chromecast sucks and thus causes this CBS app to crash at least 5 times per 45 minute show.
Out dated Cbs needs to keep up with other streaming apps.
Ap works, but not great The video player is not as robust as Netflix, Hulu, or even Crunchyroll. Streaming quality fluctuates wildly during playback. Combine that with the fact that they expect a paid subscription for ad-supported streaming, the cost for value just is not there.
Crap Can't stay logged in, adds after paying, poor interface
Not great on Mobile data I use this app frequently and it works great when I am on my home network using a Chromecast but on my mobile plan it barely works unless I have full bars and I am not moving.  There is no buffering of the show so when on the train and go through some low signal spots it stops streaming.  Netflix and other apps that buffer work so I know it is possible.
CBS tv So so you get maybe 3 free show's
Won't launch Crashes as soon as I click "Accept" on the "Welcome to the CBS App" screen.
Works well Like super girl  but i work when it on. .. now i don't miss our. . Pick up Constantine or green lantern you'd be set. Ha
Lots of forced updates Way to many forced updates to fix bugs and performance issues...this app has always ran perfectly on my galaxy s4. The forced updates are ridiculous and redundant.
Great app Liked it better free
Young and the restless I can see it on the go.
CBS I really enjoy watching my episodes
Commercials gotta go I'm willing to pay a higher monthly subscription just to get rid of annoying ads. Commercials really ruin the experience.
Like IT Good to be able to see my soaps.  LOL
Most of the shows I watch are on CBS Great app
The app works My question is why does CBS All Access do so lousy on Roku? Where would I rate that? It freezes all of the time. So I have to use the app and cast it.
Suck Keeps saying wont work. Never did get to watch anything. So cancelled subscription.
 Right poor quality pic an I pay to watch my show when I want today it a problem it not letting me watch 2 of my shows hope yah get it together!!!
Good but... I already pay for CBS on cable...
GARBAGE Paid for the all access. Yet I still have to watch a multitude of ads. The resume feature hardly works. So when I come back to a show, I have to go back through at least 2 ad breaks before I can watch.
 Only major tv channel you need to pay a monthly fee
 I can watch my soap whenever i want!
Hillary Clinton Women have smaller brains than men
Hi by by byte VT VT VT VT button which u nu by ten months by by by by e VH Thank
Very few episodes Only has a handful of episodes of certain shows
Still has ads I've subscribed to cbs and this app still has ads in it.
No chromecast support Why wouldn't you have chromecast support?
Always buffering To many ads, buffering to much, no commercials!
24 hours of technical difficulties I hope they prorate the fees
What the? Buffers too much and takes up far to much data.
Too many adds I pay monthly to access the CBS programming, then have to sit through commercials when I watch. The app had the annoying pop up adds. I'm going to cancel my subscription until the adds go away.
Needs more Can you add at&t to the provider list? ?
Antenna? Sorry, Not paying extra for air TV!
 This version doesn't have options to save password.   Gets tiresome to keep logging in all the time.
 Can't watch my shows next day have to wait a week. Almost every time I go to watch wants me to sign up again, this is ridiculous can't get the old shows to come up!
Disappointed!! I pay for these channel thru comcast and other providers can actually make you see unlimited shows on their apps but cbs doesn't.
Never dull moment Great, love the shows on CBS
Bold and the  beautiful. Soap opera (daytime)
 I don't like you have to sign in to watch free ep
 If I have to pay for it, then there should not be commercials.
Really???? Lmao CBS wants me to pay to watch shows with the app. Never!!!!!!
Crashed on startup Can't get past loading screen without it crashing
 App freezes when switching to and from commercials. Often making you watch then more than once.
Too many commercials When I pay for a service, I don't want commercials.
LOVE THIS! Works very well on any cell phone I have ever used it on and there have been quite a few I absolutely love this app I use it frequently
Crap CBS you are full of crap we pay for cable and now you want to charge us for wanting to watch the shows again after we've paid for them makes no sense Access hell
Good shows Like super girl a lot
 WILL NOT PAY FOR FREE TV
Defining ads. Can't watch yesterday's episode.
Like but does'nt hav flash I love flash it only shows on super girl
Doesn't work well Not sophisticated enough to pay for it! Cancelled my account!
 Nice app..I can watch my soaps however the performance lately has been terrible...
I like Great update!
Very good Easy to use app. Video quality is very good, even on live streams. I use 4G connection on Chromecast and or WiFi hotspot on my computer via 4G connection. The only con is the on demand content. Incomplete on-demand shows. They don't offer full series of the shows that I like.
 trouble watching episodes even though I pay for all access
New Update WTF, CBS?  I'm paying for my service.  I didn't even mind watching a few ads during the programming.  But now I have to endure the banner ads at the bottom that may or may not install malware on my device??  And when I last signed in, you made me consent to you selling my information before letting me view the content that I am paying for.  Seriously deplorable!
Availability It was great having access to their old shows (Wings), however streaming wasn't always available when we really wanted it.
All of CBS! I luv nearly all the shows, 4 real!!!!!
Stop and go It has issues fully loading. A lit of stopping and buffering. I don't have these issues on any of my other streaming apps.
Full Episodes! I love that if I missed a show, I can get on here & watch the full episode for free..
Young an press soap Abc Soap
False advertising Can't watch all episodes
NCIS  LA and The SVU Can't go through the week without seeing these two shows.
 I Like watching the shows.
Be real. Why pay for something to only receive a small part of a season. CBS get with the times and invest in a farm.
 Can't watch live tv
CBS Love the mobile tv app
 Doesn't support directv.
Best Shows on TV:^) I love big bang theory and Star Trek among other great shows...
 Love it and worth paying for the monthly fee
Cbs won't open on my tablet. I keep getting an error window.
One star for now Every time i get on the app it says it has stopped working so i give it a one star rating til it's fixed
Paid,  but no service I paid for a subscription, and it shows on my Google Play account, yet I have no access.
CBS Love this app....very entertaining!
CBS I like it very much very entertaining awesome .
 Constant error when using Chromecast. Wouldn't be surprised if it were on purpose.
Fantastic App The quality of the shows are fantastic, high resolution. It only has about 3-4 ads per commercial.
It sucks! Why do I have to pay money, if they run commercial all the time.
fails to cast it fails to cast to my TV on android or iOS
Too bad Once the update loaded, lots of random shutdowns. More often than not, the notice that the app has shut down appears & I have to start again.
Upgrade App already! You can't cast to chrome stick and not compatable with versions of Android. For gods sake get with the timez!
