Simply Amazing So much stuff I have Netflix and Hulu but they don't compare to this Game of thrones just all the hbo originals and a lot of movies 5 stars
Jrkeyston I think this app sucks the charge way to much for so little Netflix has so much more and it don't even cost that much haft the stuff on there iv never even heard of
 This app has clunky Chromecast support. The app expects me to play a video then stop browsing the rest of the selection. Take a look at how Netflix and Hulu handle the UX of casting to a Chromecast device. I would recommend using the vertical drawer/tray. Its so awkward to pause and play the show, only reachable from the notification drawer.
HBO rocks In a world of piracy HBO has figured how to get its awesome programming to the consumers who want access to it.  Not behind a dreadful cable contract or any arcane subscription models.  I pay a flat easy fee and get all the shows they offer.  HBO. You are awesome
Worst Its the worst app I have ever used. Keeps on popping up renew subscription whereas its just days since I have started my free trial. And the apps keeps on crashing. If I cld I wld had given 0 star
Endless signin loop - fixed Couldn't get content to play on phone or tv at all. Worked with support to solve now works perfectly
Can't use my PayPal account to purchase Do I need a google play card with $14.99 on it to get it to work? It won't use my PayPal account. There's a red message saying I'm not eligible.
Great service Absolutely love this service.  Took one star off only because the app is spotty at best when it comes to tracking what had already been watched.  Minor inconvenience when watching a series.  Otherwise, it is great.
Watching great shows Am glad I have this! Now, I get to watch shows at any place. Thanks!
Would love it Would love it if it didn't crash every time I would watch a movie/show on it.
 ZI have ben trying for an hour to get this to work, on 2 macs and a PC. nothing.  endless sign in loop. not sure how to get support, see someone else said they got it.  super frustrating.
Now Cast Now it casts on chromecast. Happy that's why I gave an extra star since last year.
Will not open Says I have account but no subscription. Will let me open menu, but gos right back to the subscribe page.  Still will not working, but now Hbo is trying to help me solve the problem.
Unbelievable U sign up for it, put all ur info in, just to not be able to sign in.
Too many bugs Keeps fast forwarding on my edge 6. And will freeze with loud continued sound.
Revised review. While it's great they worked to fix the issue, it sucks that they messed up the premiere of the most anticipated show of the year. Should have seen that coming and had been prepared.
Thank you HBO I had a problem with my subscription and HBO sent the solution to my email without my having asked. The app works fine now. For people comparing this app to Netflix, be real. Netflix has no where near the quality programming and movies that HBO shows/produces. Their documentaries alone are worth the subscription.
Having trouble with app I get kicked out often...sometimes I get a deep voice or chipmunk voices for audio..sometimes there is no picture...I get error at times even on my XB1 app
Does not work well You have to pay for it
 Can only use it on my smartphone and tablet. Wish we could use it through the Playstation network and use it on our PC. Other than those issues, we really love having it. One other thing, I wish we had more access to all of their stand-up comedy specials. I would really love to watch George Carlin at his best.
Crashes after launch, no 5.1 surround On Android TV it almost always crashes after launch. As soon as I try to navigate, crash. Sometimes 5 times in a row. Also, where's the 5.1 surround sound!? Netflix manages to do 5.1.
Great for game of thrones!! But thats about it! Most other categories have very old titles to choose from!!!!
Game of thrones 16Th cen like medevil/18th cen.European like setting,but it needs better combat fight scenes.
Needs to be fixed Love the content but the playback is awful constant picture freezing while audio fast forwards sounds like the chipmunks never had that problem with netflix or hulu
For those with issues.... I have no idea what issues you are having about freezing or what, but i installed and was instantly watching GoT. I've had no issues watching anything, neither has my wife. We just have T-Mobile data and no home Internet and haven't had a problem yet. I'll gladly pay the $15/month for HBO programming
Still doesn't work When I try to sign up I guess the google store crashes
Garbage Hbo appears to now promote shows saying people from the south are the worst people in the world. Jon Oliver. Lost all respect for hbo... Not watching it ever again
It could be better I would rate this app 5 stars if it would play normally & not freeze the scene, making the voices sound like Alvin & the chipmunks fast forwarded
Won't work It won't let me watch anymore it keeps telling me an unknown error occurred   please try  again  and when I do it keeps saying the same when it worked a few days ago very unhappy and thinking of canceling   after free month
San andres I like to see movies on real lifestyle
GoT I could watch it on the go where ever
 Works great now. Don't expect Netflix level streaming, but definitely up there with Hulu and Prime.
Love the app BUT Love catching up on HBO series but the app takes a long time to load,freezes, or sometimes the sound speeds up or slows down.Sounds like Mickey Mouse talking.Multuple wi fi used and I have a Samsung Galaxy phone so not sure what the problem is.Good wi fi connection with 4 bars.
Playback is terrible and inconsistent. There's no option to optimize the playback quality, which sucked and it kept fast-forwarding by itself, skipping  chunks of the scenes. Used on an S5 with full bars.
Good Not working on android N though. App crashes when I try to play anything.
Works great HBO app that does exactly what it should. I can what's HBO and it's simple and elegant. All you need!
 Excellent app. Willing to pay $15
Lag Funny how my computer streams netflix and hulu and vudu and YouTube and every other service just fine.  But hbo says i don't have enough bandwidth to keep the shows playing uninterrupted.
 Enjoying Girls and Game of Thrones!!!
 I'm trying to get started with this app. But it keeps telling me to renew my subscription and I cannot renew it from my google play account.
 Works very poorly on android
It never worked on the app I always had to go to the actual website to watch my shows which made me log in each time and even when I would refresh
 I love HBO plays a lot of awesome movies and shows
 Awesome
Perfect Good quality movie s
HBO now You watch  things
Awesome! Works perfectly
 Unable to cast to a smart TV. That is the only downside I found to this application.
 Movies
Major billing issues.... Says I have an active subscription, but constantly ask to renew and I cannot watch anything...
 Signed up for free trial, but it won't let me access content saying I need an active subscription. Can't find a way to renew and reactive the subscription.
Just wanna watch Game of Thrones I have spent the last hour or so uninstalling and reinstalling the app trying to get rid of the screen telling me to renew my subscription. Even when I try to renew it says I'm already subscribed and doesn't allow me to move forward. So even tho I'm willing to pay for a subscription that's supposed to be a free trial it won't work. I'm giving up. Maybe I'll fight with it some more tomorrow.
Endlessly asks to renew Any time I press play on something a splash screen shows up that says "renew" on it, if you hit that button it just takes you back to the log in screen.  Hit the tiny X in the top right corner instead and it goes back home.  Cannot play anything!  So annoying.  Same thing on Android TV also.  Going to try laptop...
Clean but confusing UI Navigation is not clear, and finding the latest episode sometimes means clicking for ages. The content is pretty good. Not Netflix good, but pretty good.
 Application does not work.  After paying for the service the application goes into a redirect loop.  Saying Subscribe.  But then once I hit subscribe : "you already have a subscription" then back to the begining " you need to subscribe"
App doesn't recognize my subscription I tried to renew my subscription. the app failed. It either repeatedly asks me to renew or it just signs me out. Bottomline .... I paid and can't watch.
Its good I like the app but it does not support 5.1 ch on android tv , i hope that we can get that soon
 Without exaggerating but probably the worst piece of software I've seen since 1995 written by someone who's not a teenager over a weekend.   Throws a generic playback error every 2 minutes. Sometimes starts playing 2 tracks of the audio at time 0:00 when the video is at 30:00. UI will not respond to clicks on the main menu, or the overlay will not respond to clicks on the video. As embarrassingly bad as software could be.
Crap Keeps telling me to renew my subscription. Funny enough it says in the recent notes that this was fixed for new people. Obviously not!
 Really disappointed there's no surround sound support for my AndroidTV device (Nexus Player). Video quality is great, but without the audio support, what's the point?
Wont let me in Started up on my smart tv. And I just downloaded it on my phone. A galaxy 5 with marshmallow 6.0. The app keeps saying i have the wrong password. And it will not send an email that allows me to change the password... i just want to see game of thrones! People pay for this! Get it together hbo. Looks like it isnt working for a lot of people....
 Signed up for free trial, app failed to create account even though subscription was successfully created. Could not reset password.
 Made a subscription, but cannot log int at all...
 Same problem keeps asking me to renew my subscription over and over
 I'm subscribed, but it keeps looping around not acknowledging that I'm subscribed. Back to the torrents, I guess. :(
Games of thones And the other shows to
Won't let me watch anything Trying to watch Game of Thrones season 6 and it will not let me I'm already subscribe to it forget this.
Why do I need password? 1) Just link to google, so we don't need to memorize yet another password... 2) Absolutely silly how there is both an HBO go and an HBO now app. 3) No rating system 4) they play commercials before playing each movie
 Game of thrones
COMMON ISSUE Signed up for the free trial. When I try to watch something, it says I need to renew. If I try to renew, it just takes me back to the login screen. Continuous loop. On my profile in the app itself, it says I'm not subscribed. Don't waste your time. Wait till it's fixed.
Subscription isn't being recognized Much like everyone else, I paid for the subscription through the app but cannot watch anything. Shows as being active in Google Play but when I try and play anything, it says I need to renew my subscription. This needs to be fixed asap.
Just got this app And it is not working well on my phone and that was all I had....now I'm hoping my new tab will be the saving grace.  One week into the trial and so far haven't been able to see more then 3 or 4 minutes of anything
Doesn't work goes into a loop asking to renew subscription and then logs out, log back in does same but both HBO website and the provider I went through state I have an active subscription
Didn't have the movie it advertised. I have been trying to find the twilight movies and it advertised that it had it but once I down loaded and searched for it it's gone. Not really happy cause that was the only reason I got thing. I'll be deleting my account now. No point in paying for something and not using it.
 Keeps saying i need to renew my account before i can watch a show. I've never had an account before and customer service isn't being very helpful.
not working can't get past a successful login. despite linking my account to a payment option, I am in an infinite loop: it asks me to renew my subscription and then I'm asked to login again. this repeats forever. I tried restarted, new account. no dice.
Doesn't work. When I sign in, it tells me my subscription is expired, even though I just started it. It offers no help options, the customer service number doesn't work, and there's no option for me to check my billing information. All I'm trying to do is pay for Game of Thrones, and I can't do it.
Big fail! Im subscribed on google play but it's not being recognized by the app! Thanks Joseph DeStefanis for the work around! Update: To fix: Sign in. You'll get the renew screen. Close it and go to settings. Sign out. Click I don't have an account. Don't enter info, scroll to the bottom. Click I have an account and log in again.
Billing issue When I subscribed Google play says it is active but the app puts you in a continuous loop saying you have to restart your subscription...
Could be better Works ok, but they need to fix a few features. You need to be able to control the rewind better, it's very laggy. Also, it doesn't let you save tv shows on your watchlist, just individual episodes. It's hard to search for series too.
Plz fix. The app will not let me log in all the way, I log in and then it tells me to renew my sub even though I already am subbed and then when I try to do that it kicks me back to the log in screen...
 just downloaded this app on my android tablet, created an account and provided payment information. i've received a confirmation email that i've subscribed and that my card will be charged at the end of the 30-day trial period, but every time i try to watch something, i get an error message saying that i need to renew my subscription.
 In-app Billing/Subscription issues. The App doesn't recognize my active Google Play Store subscription.
Total crap, doesn't work I followed the steps for a trial subscription. It kept asking me to renew. Over and over and over. I NEVER got it to work. Th
Already subscribed; doesn't care Stuck in a loop asking me to resubscribe.  Google Play shows my subscription as active.
 Having the same issues as everyone else.  Can't watch anything and you CHARGED ME!  What gives?  If you're not gonna give my service give me my money back.
Renew Issues Signed up for trial, Play store says active sub. App says need to renew. -5 stars!  Cancelled sub. Glad 1st 30 was free!
Asking for 'Renew Your Subscription' and username and password endlessly Asking for 'Renew Your Subscription' and username and password endlessly whenever opening the app. After providing the username and password it will take you to the same page for renewing the subscription. It is happening in an endless loop. Can't watch a single video.
 Major In-app billing issues. I subscribed but I cant watch anything. I renewed my subscription through the app but every time I sign on I asks me to renew, while Google Play says the subscription is active.
 This is literally the worst app I have ever experienced in my 26 year old life. I created an account, subscribed for the next moth with a credit card but when I log in it tells me to renew my subscription. No matter what I do I can't get it to work. HBO this is literally why everybody pirates your show. I have canceled my subscription to HBO now which I have willingly paid money for. You will no longer get a dime from me. I am admitting to pirating your show since I have tried throwing money at you for the past 45 minutes but can't watch a single second.
 Though the update notes for the version I installed specifically say that they fixed "issue preventing some new subscribers from streaming due to persistent renewal prompts", that's exactly the behavior I see. I gave them credit card info, I received an email receipt confirming $0 for the first free month, but so far I cannot stream anything. As soon as I try, I'm prompted to "renew" which leads me through the whole login process again. Seriously, total fail.
Total fail It didn't let me use my free trial. Just kept telling me to renew and it would keep doing this over and over.
 for 15$ a month for a streaming service, i should not have this problem of not being able to watch anything because the service has the stupidest subscribing way possible making you subscribe through multiple different platforms instead of just subscribing through HBO Now itself. This should not be an issue in such a high priced service...
HOW TO FIX RENEW LOOP! Props to Joseph! Getting the irritating renew loop try this! Props to Joseph! 1. sign in(you'll get the renew screen, exit out that screen) 2. Go to settings, sign out. 3. Go to bottom of the screen where it says "I dont have an account" click/tap there. 4. Dont enter any information and go to the bottom where it says sign in. 5. Sign into your account. Then click on a movie/episode and it works. IRRITATING HASTLE BUT IT DOES WORK. Your welcome! Thanks again Joseph.
Tried to start free trial Made an account after clicking start a free trial. Immediately was charged $15 and was also unable to stream anything. When I sign into the app it asks me to renew my membership and tries to charge me a second time.
 Utter garbage.  Took me 20 minutes to set up a free trial account and then it wouldn't let me log in.  It seriously wanted me to have a subscription with a television service for the honor of paying another $15 a month for shows I'd already have if I had a television provider.   I just wanted to watch Game of Thrones, man.  It would have been worth it for that - but I couldn't.
Billing problems Like others have said, I tried to sign up and it keeps telling me to renew even though google play says the subscription is active. Cancelling subscription and ditching the app.
 Big potential for reaching new customers with poor execution. This is why people pirate shows. I was completely ready to subscribe but it is not working. Subscription shows active in Google Play store but not in HBO app.  Make the content easy to obtain and people will buy. Make it difficult and they will go to the easier route.
Continuous looping It doesn't wor!!  It keeps making me reenter my email and password and then tells me to renew my subscription. I signed up for the free trial, I am on day #2 of watching absolutely nothing on this app...I can't even access it!!!
Can't subscribe or get trial Made a new account, errored out the first time I tried entering subscription info yesterday. Tried again today, got a Google confirmation I'm suscribed, but the app says I'm not. I'd even sign up to pay for the service and completely forgo the free trial but the app just isn't working.
Validation error Will give 5 stars if it ever decides to let me watch something instead of just browsing. So much for my free month :/
Won't sign in Signed up for a free trial, entered payment info, then I signed it. It asked me to renew my subscription? Then when I clicked to renew my "subscription" that's supposed to be a trial month.. It says that it's validating my account, then asks me to sign in again! I've gone through it 6 times now and it still won't work?!
WORST CUSTOMER SUPPORT EVER Restart loop for four days...  Sent multiple requests for the account to be fixed.  Still nothing except for the basic we don't know what's going on or how to fix it answer of uninstalling and reinstalling the application for it still not to work.
Terrible! !! Freezes, speeding up, voices go high then low in spead. Movies skip half of it while playing. Takes 3 hours to watch a movie. Constantly logging in then logging out. Has stopped working 6 times since I've had it installed for a week. 30 day free trial only had g or 2 weeks ended up uninstalling. Thought I would try it again installed now they want me to pay. Come on I only had a free trial for 2 weeks because of the issues with the app. Should be free for another 30 days trial.
Its doesn't work Tells you to sign in and then tells you to renew then tells ypu to sign in then tells you to renew etc etc etc.....so happy i missed game of thrones been on hold for 2 hours now
Nice work HBO Now I can actually pay for this instead of mooching =D. Also glad that I don't have to have cable to get HBO now.
 paid for a subscription to watch GOT premiere but it won't let me access anything... so now everyone at the office will have seen it but me.  HBO, you're making it hard to watch GOT legally!  Fix this
Slow, glitchy This app has on multiple occasions made my phone freeze so intensely that I had to remove the battery. It often glitches like an old VHS, frozen and speeding up the voices to chipmunk speeds.
Subscription doesn't work Subscription isn't linking. Just keeps telling me to renew but I bought it yesterday. Last annoying part in an overly complicated process to watch your shows. You know what I did when I wanted Netflix? I went on the website and signed up. Why does this have to be so difficult?
 It won't allow me to play anything. It asks me to renew my subscription even though I just create it. I try to renew anyways and it keeps going on an endless loop of it asking me to login and going back to asking me to renew. No matter what i try I can't get it to work. Seems like it is having an issue validating the account for some reason even though google play store sent me a conformation email saying my payment went through. Been at this for about an hour trying to get this to work. From the other reviews it seems like many people are having the same issue. Looks like I'm going to have to wait a while to watch Game of thrones :(
 Broken registration software.  Persistent renew button even as Google Play lists my subscription as active  In their update information they acknowledge this problem that thousands of people are having with their software and even claim to have fixed it.  It is most definitely not fixed at this time.  Way to go, put together a an advertising campaign around HBOs biggest show and then fail completely on launch day.
It doesn't work It will not play the movies it just won't work it stops after 2 seconds and continues to play but with no sound or movement utterly disappointed
Hit the back key at the home screen So, I figured it out and I want to share my find. My biggest issue with this app is the navigation. To actually have to go back into the app, scroll through every episode to find where you were is annoying. I've discovered that when ever you are on the home page and you hit back it takes you back to where you were :) . You're  welcome.
 Major issues. Keeps asking me to renew subscription even after Google says subscription is active. HBO NOW? More like HBO When We Feel Like It.
 Works alright with chromecast. Major usability issues with playback on my phone (2014 Moto X) and tablet (Galaxy Note 8).  My tablet is a bit old. But, my phone is not. The picture will constantly freeze while the sound keeps going. That's when it's not stuttering from the service not being able to stream fast enough, which you will also see when streaming to your chromecast.   On top of THAT, if you're watching a series, there's no option to select the next one and watch it. You have to go all the way back through the navigation system to find the next episode. That's a pretty basic feature that should have been included at launch. Don't even think about being able to skip to a point in time, forward or back, without some issues.
Good app, poor execution Took me 1 hour to figure out how to get this app to play on my LG TV through a completely bulls hit round about way. Then another hour trying to find out how to pay for it. And then, it used the email I don't use for products and I had no way to change it. I really wanted to give you guys at HBO my money, I just can't if your product is this hard to get working. It's easier to just download or stream off of whatever website. Thanks HBO for forcing my hand into not paying you guys.
Subscription issues Subscription is active in Google play but app is caught in a loop asking for renewal, major bummer
It's just "meh" I love having access to hbo without cable. I can finally pay for the content i want instead of stealing it!  However, the service isn't "mature" yet. My issues are with the service in general, target than the app itself.  Freezes somewhat often (even on desktop in a browser, so it's not specific to the app). Also, why can't we add entire shows/seasons to our watchlist? I hate having to search or browse to pick back up where I left off...
Some issues Slow to move back by "-10s" using the button in the app.    Every time one switches to a different t app while playing a movie, the app thinks it's not using cc and has to be reminded.      Needs many obvious bug fixes and improvements.  Have lollipop 5.1 on z3v.    Factory reset during upgrade.
Free trial doesn't work Keeps popping up with "Restart your subscription for unlimited access"...it's my first day...
Did they even test this app Stuck in a loop. It continually asks me to renew my subscription when logging in, even though Google shows me as active. I don't see how this app could have been tested before release as it seems EVERYONE is having this same issue. It makes it appear as if HBO just doesn't care. Fine with me. I'll take my money elsewhere.
Constantly opening login screen This app is constantly opening itself and going to the login screen, even when I am doing other stuff with my phone. It is quite annoying.
I'd give zero stars Doesnt work at all. 2 different emails same thing. Goes from log to renew subscription then back to log in. Come on HBO I'm trying to give you money!! This isn't some free app where force closes arent a big deal. This is a paid for POS. Lost a customer 100% with zero chance of me coming back.
 I love being able to watch HBO programming without purchasing cable but guys really you got to fix the crashing and consistent speeding up of the audio.  Very annoying
Serious flaw with free trial I downloaded the app and started the free trial. And then as soon as the app took my payment info and "started the free trial" I can't watch anything! It brings me right  to a screen that says "Renew NOW" to get unlimited access to all of HBO... I'm thoroughly upset.
Terrible I subscribed and it wont even let me watch anything.... On any device says I need to  subscribe again. Pay more? No thanks.
 I find it really irritating that subscription can't be done on the computer via the website. I had to jump through hoops to figure out exactly how to subscribe and use this on my computer. When I finally did subscribe (with my receipt in my email) I got on with both my phone and my computer just to find that I need to "resubscribe in order to have unlimited access". Since I have to use my phone to process any kind of "re-subscription" I got on and now all it's doing is sending me to login, then to resubscribe, 'validating account...', then back to log in. This is extremely frustrating.
Perfect now..... The hiccup I think is making sure the email address for the Google Play store is the same one you use to sign up for HBO Now. I initially used a diff email and was also caught in the loop. But once I created a new acct w/ Google Play email I got in. Try and see if it works for you.
Billing Opened with free trial. App Wouldn't recognize subscription from Google play.  Now no free trial. weak hbo.
Subscription issue I attempted to subscribe but my attempts to watch anything was not working.  I signed out of google play to see if that worked which was a no go.  My subscription under Google play has me subscribed with a due date for the first withdrawl,hbo does not.  Update thanks to Joseph D i was able to login.  When the renew screen appear sign out out, click sign in but don't input info, click already have account, sign in should fix problem.
Joke of a service First of all why the eff do I have to sign up through the app when all I want to use it on is my home theater PC? Maybe because it streams like poo on half the PC's out there, and I can't even install the Samsung smart hub app because my TVs a whopping 3 years old, wtf?
I like the idea Im not sure if im dumb but i signed up and all that. Now i go to watch something and it says restart your subscription to get full acces.. i click renew sign back in and it doesn't work still. . Any suggestions?
Terrible app Started my free trial but it would not start my subscription. The Google Play store showed that I was subscribed but HBO Now said that I wasn't.
What the hell?!? I was all excited about having hbo available on my phone, but it keeps telling me to either renew my subscription or link my new  subscription.  Then it takes me back to the log in screen or choose whether I use optima or verizon... Are those the only options? Anyway, I'm canceling my subscription until you solve this. Get your stuff together HBO, this really is unfortunate.
Ruined my sunday before final exams... I couldve been studying by now if this app would have let me watch the game of thrones season premiere for the past hour. I hate my life. But i hate hbo more. I would like to see daenarys full nude including genitals, please hbo, and then you will have my appreciation.
 Im trying to watch Fifty shades of Grey and its slowed down and when they talk it sounds like its chopped and screwed or creepy like lol, ive deleted the app and redownloaded it and its still doing it, everything else on my fone is working fine
It's definitely getting better I wish I could see your newest movies, series or any features first. Instead of the same old display. Still.. Improvements. Now: Spanish subtitles and more caption options are missing. It's not like you need it, but you're missing out on big $ here. Spanish subtitles dammit!
This app is horrible Ever since I downloaded this app it's been nothing but trouble. It works right after downloading but after that everytime I go to open the app I get the same message "unknown error please retry". And it never works. Only way to fix this is by uninstalling and installing again. I'm getting super annoyed by this.
Missing some features App works great and decent design, but the ability to follow shows is really needed. And a section showing "continue watching" for shows you're currently watching. Watchlist is just individual episodes so it's hard to keep track of the shows you actually care about. If you could follow shows and it would list their most recent episodes into one feed that would be perfect. Basically it just mixes old and new content into one messy bundle with no care for user preference or interest.
Doesn't work "Fixed the bug where it constantly prompts new customers to restart..." Bull.  That's exactly what is happening to me.
same issue as everyone i subscribed ..then it asks me to renew, then i attempt to login then it sends me back....really was hoping to watch GOT my device meets the criteria for compatible devices
Hbo not now Went thru all the sign up stuff. Come to find out its not available in my area I guess because optimum isn't available in my area. Why do I have to go thru Verizon or optimum for Internet for the app?? Very disappointed because hbo could be making more of a killing than they already are.
 The application does not work at all. It will not play anything just keep saying renew subscription. I have 30 days free but didn't even need more than five minutes to cancel the subscription and give up on this application.
Can't stop using it Galaxy note 5 issue was fixed quickly after my last review and the app works great now, HBO is great
Really disappointed you guys need a lot to learn from Netflix great shows but awful app You need a better team to create this kind of apps Netflix is far away from you great shows but awful app
 Subscribed so I could watch shows as they come out and , such as game of thrones, and everything I can find online says I should be able to stream from my computer. However, log into hbonow and nothing is streaming
Garbage I registered, logged on and went for the free month... It keeps telling me that I need to renew my subscription and won't let me watch anything. Then when I try hitting the button to renew it like it tells me, I get kicked off my account and log back in for it to do the exact same thing over again.
Irritating Love the shows, and movies. Love having them on an app, but the app doesnt work well. Shows randomly start fast forwarding with chipmunk voices, and it doesnt keep the same frame. The last scene and the scene im currently watching mix together. The app is bad. Fix those issues, and it will be great. I have having to close the app 20 times for a 50 minute show. Im only on the free trial, i can tell you now i will cancel the subscription after the free trial due to these errors.
 Says renew subscription even though I literally just signed up. I will not renew as that implies I'm going to be charged when I should be using my 30 day trial. Definitely not making me want to keep this sub, especially when there are other, much more comprehensive services that are cheaper. As of right now 100% unsatisfactory.
Expected more Only liked 6 shows and a few movies. Vinyl and Girls are the only reasons Id keep it but not for 15 dollars. Also it would always go in slowmo and fastmo in the middle of shows. Itd be cool if you could save shows too like Hulu and Netflix.
Doesn't work! I wish I could give this piece of garbage less than one star. First of all, it says in the app description "fixed a bug preventing  new subscribers from using app due to constant renewal popups" or somthing to that effect. Guess what, they didn't fix it. Keep getting those retarded popups and now we get to miss the Game of Thrones premier. Doesn't matter that the play store says I have an active subscription, bottom line is this app is a piece of trash. Bugged out and completely useless, don't download.
Sham Signed up for free trial.. Try to sign in with my account...app wants me to renew my subscription.. The subscription I just started..what a sham..don't add free trials if you are just gonna deny it later..@"#&%#
s.  h.  i.  t. tried to sign up for free trial and got stuck in a renew your subscription loop.  would say renew subscription and when i would put in my login it would take me back to the renew subscription page.  ill still get your shows; you just won't get my money.  fix your app.
It's not the app itself... Well it kinda is. I tried to subscribe for the first time, I went through the motions with Google and subscribed, and this app would not accept my subscription. Google says I'm good, and I'm still good till next month but this app keeps asking me to renew my subscription. Nice FAIL on opening of GOT night. I tried to do the same online and that is also a NOPE! Don't bother until they fix! 4/24/16 10:32pm EST.
Great idea. Poor execution. The video player needs a complete overhaul to justify even a fraction of the cost. I understand that in high airtime traffic times, connections get strained. This is especially true in areas with older cell towers. Netflix and Hulu have taken this into account and, even if it takes a long time to load, they will play and play well. I can't help but feel that HBO didn't take the  time to develop a proper app that can handle this. Instead the player will act like an old VHS and fast forward through everything
Pain This app is a pain. I'll be watching a show and suddenly the picture freezes but the sound keeps going or the sound will speed up and all the voices sound like chipmunks.
Sign up doesn't work Signed up for the free trial and got a receipt for it and yet it tells me I'm not a subscriber and won't let me watch anything. Keeps directing me back to the log in page.
Works fine but not on consoles I want to watch GoT but I'm not willing to pay for a cable service just for that.  I thought this would be a good option, but it doesn't work on Xboxes or PS4s so useless to me without buying a smart tv or Chromecast.
 Started free trial, subscription is there in my account. HBO Now says no subscription. Cancel that one. Try clicking on renew subscription. That just logs out and takes me to the login screen. Utterly disappointed, re-registered with other email, now it seems to be working but the video doesn't play on the computer, or, anywhere. The service seems to be way too glitchy for 15 bucks a month...
 I can't believe hbo could put out an app that is this messed up.  signed up for a free trial so I could watch GOT tonight and I get caught in an endless loop of registration errors.  Can't watch a single thing.  I would be willing to pay and skip the free trial if that meant I could have access to the content but it is unusable.  I've been on hold with customer service for about half an hour.  Just a HORRIBLE service.  Figure it out HBO, seriously.  In the meantime I guess I'll just torrent it like every other person on the planet.
Infinity loop of renew subscription bug I originally subscribed through iTunes then cancelled it a year ago. Now, I want to renew my subscription through Google play. It doesn't work even though Google play shows I subscribe HBO now. It keeps telling me to renew my subscription not allowing me watching any content. I can't permanently delete my subscription from iTunes if I want to subscribe through Google play. Fix the problem HBO!
Free trial doesn't work Read online it's happening to many others. You sign up for the free trial and when you try to watch anything it asks you to renew your subscription... 1/5 garbage won't work on GoT night...
Glitches The app would be great if the sound doesn't randomly speed forward causing the actors to sound like chipmunks. Sometimes it just stops all together and creates this glitchy noise. Its thoroughly annoying. If it doesnt stop I probably will not pay $15 after this trial
 Very frustrating. Annoying cycle of asking me to login, register and then subscribe AGAIN, after doing so through Google play.  Does anyone know of a solution?
Subscription doesn't work if email doesn't match Google account. Google says that I am subscribed with the free trial.  However, when I try to log in, HBO says that I don't have a subscription and that I need to renew it.  Even if I try to "renew", the system just kicks me out.  Not cool.    ----- I figured it out.  Apparently, I registered with a Hotmail email rather than my Google account.  So, I simply made a new HBO Now account with my Gmail and HBO detected the subscription automatically without asking for another trial.
Doesn't recognize my subscription The latest version claims to have fixed a persistent renewal notice. Still happening on my Galaxy S5 :(. Can't watch any videos because of it &gt;:-(
 I can't do anything! Tells me an error occurred. When I tried the free trial it's saying I don't have a subscription. I can't watch anything  and when I do try to hit renew subscription it says validating account and then kicks me out!!! Extremely disappointed
REFUND PLEASE! Paid for subscription but when trying to play a show or movie it says, "We're sorry, our records indicate your account cannot access this content." The subscription on Google play started on the 24th of April, they charged my card $16.23. Your service is broken please fix problem or issue refund for failure to provide services.
Playback Video playback on the Xbox One is not that great. Not always a clear picture, think the streaming service needs to be tweaked.
I does the job but in a very minimalist way. It could benefit from many features that other video playing apps already employ. Synopsis for each movie and series episode so we get a hint of what it's about before we invest any time in it. A rating system and share buttons for Facebook and other social  media sites.
 Doesn't work on my Google TV device.  Can't cast it to my TV.  Why would I want to watch on a little screen?  Love the content.  Just not fully developed.  How about a XBox app?  Now we have an X-Box app.  Thank you and the service would work great if Google Play could take a proper payment and get the service running.  They seem to think a payment is a refund.  I'm sure they will figure it out over time but my money is not waiting.  I'll support another business, like Apple.
Unintuitive/circular Advertised as 'new stand alone streaming service' great except it's not stand alone and it makes actually streaming really hard. One has to subscribe through, not hbo. Once one gets subscribed the app prevents streaming by constantly promoting for renewal even if one is subscribed. Terribly frustrating. Unhelpfully circular. Unintuitive. Added middle man. Poorly executed.
Root/Chromecast This is beyond frustrating. I WANT to pay for my HBO content. First you gate Now for a timed exclusive on ios, that's fine, I'm a gamer so I'm used to it. Then when you release Now to the android verse you don't support Chromecast? Go has it, why doesn't Now?! However, that doesn't even matter because I ROOT all my android devices, making the Now app completely useless. THIS IS WHY PEOPLE PIRATE. Why is paying for the content so freaking difficult!?       July is over, still no Chromecast support.
 I too am having the same issue with having subscribed to HBO Now and it constantly saying I have to "RENEW" my subscriptions.  FIX THIS ISSUE NOW HBO OR YOU WILL LOSE POTENTIALLY MILLIONS OF SUBSCRIBERS!!!
Horrible customer service and app usability Signed up for a "free" 30 day trial and it not only immediately charged me the $14.99(false advertising), but is now stuck in a loop where it is asking for me to renew my subscribtion. It will not allow me to view anything. So much for my GoT party I hosted... Every time I try to call their customer support I get a busy dial tone. This is the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. I want my $14.99 back, ya crooks.
Been trying to give HBO my money for years. Now they finally take my money, but won't deliver the content because it's rooted, as all devices should be. Just bought a root free device for HBO NOW 4/24/16 paid for service and it a continual loop to renew a PAID FOR SUBSCRIPTION.
 Amazing how a major company like HBO makes such a deficient product like HBO Now. Amazing how we are TRYING to give them business by using this product but they make it soooo complicated... I waited over 30 minutes on the phone just to see how to make this work for me.... I am willing to PAY these guys, I WANT to be a customer, and yet, they give you their costumer service is so poor like they just DO NOT CARE.  Amazing amazing.... Forget it... Easier to just find the pirated versions on line.
Glitchy Dissapointed. It can have it's good moments, but it will randomly freeze and all I can hear is the voices in the show I'm watching talk in fast forward. Like the high pitched helium voices. Or it will do the same thing and talk in slow motion. So weird. So frustrating. But the worse is when it freezes and doesn't do anything but the time keeps ticking so when it finally unfreezes the show is like 2 minutes ahead of where it froze. I want to be able to use it. But I spend more time being frustated at it.
Poor experience compared with other services Blurry low quality video with muddy sound that lags skips and freezes while Amazon prime and Netflix deliver consistently clear and hassle free video. Frequent errors saying that I'm outside the US when I'm not. Higher price tag than either other service. Good thing there is a free trial so you can see how terrible it is.
What morons Same problem as everyone else the "renew your membership" crap. This is very disappointing an this is why I hate most apps an I definitely hate TV they even try your patience when you don't even have a satellite or cable. This is why people pirate. An I don't blame them a bit. Just wanted to watch one of my favorite shows an now I'm pi$$ed. F*** You hbo
It has to work to be considered useful Stuck in login loop everyone else is complaining about.. I'd love to pay for the one show I want to watch and I'm burning up free trial time, but if things are obfuscated with accounts and crap service then it's only frustrating and I'll cancel it anyways. Wish I could ask for my time and data back from installing this app..
 It successfully charged me $14.99 for subscription. It doesn't let me watch anything by asking me to renew subscription. In billing, it says I am not subscribed. I try to play a video and when renew subscription dialog pops up, I pressed the Renew Button. It gets stuck at Validating Account. Their phone support is not available 24x7 and gives a busy signal instead of telling us about their work time or that it is closed currently. I used email support and got someone to respond within a couple of hours. I sent them the necessary information - an attachment of the subscription confirmation from play store. After that, no response at all. Today I called phone support. I have been on the wait queue for 20 minutes. I think I just lost my 15 bucks and ruined my Sunday night and wasted my time dealing with their incompetence. It would have been nice if they at least acknowledged the issue and sent out an email with an ETA of the fix to everyone (looking at reviews, I am not the only one facing this issue) affected by the issue and maybe a free month or 2 to compensate for the loss of time and happiness.
 Subscription renewal would not initially let me log in & watch anything on my phone or xbox. kept looping for renewal. i read a review just now, i followed his steps & it worked now on my phone. i hope my xbox works now when i get home. we'll see. otherwise i'm not sure what happened & it was a bummer to miss the premier of GOT. But i'm happy it's working now.     review from another user (Joseph DeStefanis) copied & pasted. IT WORKED. if i didn't need to go through all this, i'd give it 5 stars.  "Update: To fix: Sign in. You'll get the renew screen. Close it and go to settings. Sign out. Click I don't have an account. Don't enter info, scroll to the bottom. Click I have an account and log in again. Why this dance? Who knows, but it works."
Great, but Chromecast. This app works great and HBO is well worth it. The only problem I have with it is that it looses link with Chromecast every time the phone goes to sleep.
 I have noticed that a lot of people have has issues with HBO Now, regarding logging in and being asked to resubscribe. I as well had this issue. I called customer service, only had to wait about 15 minutes before speaking to a customer service agent. They stayed on the phone with me, providing step by step instructions and had the issue resolved in just a few minutes. I understand when things aren't working perfectly, its frustrating, but they  are providing excellent customer service and resolving the issue.  If your having this issue i definitely encourage you to call, they will fix the problem in no time. :)
 I really enjoyed this app until it started randomly working, force closing, freezing, then no picture but still sound or picture freezes and sound speeds up.  Please fix this.  Was a great app.
Free trial bugged The 30 day free trial didn't work and it only asked if I would like to refresh the subscription by paying
TERRIBLE Im having the same issue as everyone else, paid for the app and keep getting the same billing/set up new account loop. I emailed their customer support and they had the nerve to ask me to describe the issue in more detail as though im the only one having the issue. ****UPDATE**** After posting my negative feedback, the Google team came through and provided me with a solution and im now able to watch the app.
Crap quality Unlike a lot of other people rating the app, my subscription went through no problem. But the video quality is garbage! It's like watching in 480p. I know it's not my Internet speed because I can go to another streaming service and it's crystal clear. Fix this HBO! You cost more than Netflix and provide crap.
Renew subscription 2 stars- one star given because I was not able to use the app and another star because app looks user friendly. Unfortunately i am Not able to start my free trial/ subscription to watch any video. I could only log in and browse through content. Once I try to play a video that's where the app fails.  I am stuck in the screen that ask for the subscription to be renewed. No confirmation email about the subscription from HBO... Could be the server is laggy from all the GOT traffic .
Never worked I tried many times to get this to work on my phone, through 3 different accounts and it never got past the verifying account page. It kept wanting me to renew my subscription.  Everytime I tried it kept kicking me out, I tried to call the support number and all I got was a busy tone. Would really like to know if this is a problem for anyone else or just my bad luck.
Play speed issues I'm having trouble with the speed of the playback, it starts to play 2x normal speed by itself and its ruining the show, I refreshed and restarted app and still does it. Please fix asap.
It's nice but it has its flaws It works nicely on the phone, but once you stream it to your Chromecast, it doesn't always stream the movies nicely, it stops and then it takes too long to see a clear HD picture
Fantastic Awesome app. I love that I am able to get HBO without subscribing through a cable company. Better price, same great quality. Couldn't be happier.
Not To Shabby Nice to have HBO available without a traditional cable subscription. Great content and very accessible, though lacking in features and usability when compared to other streaming services. Limited device support is a drawback as well, however it works  great with new chromecast. (5 stars if recently watched categories and auto-play functionality are added!)
 It's a good app to watch all your favorite  HBO shows, but it's severely lacking in many aspects.  I still can't for the life of me figure out how to put a series in my watchlist, and with no quick access to play the next episode of the current series you're watching, I need to constantly search for Game of Thrones and then scroll down to find the episode I'm on.  It gets tedious.  But generally the quality is fine and Chromecast support is solid.  With a few updates it could be much better.
 UPDATE:  Their support team sent me the "secret handshake" that you have to know to get your registered account linked to the app in involving logging in and out, registering but not, etc.  The app now works (good).  I'd give it 4 stars but for the terrible registration process.   Original review:  Does NOT let you set up an account.  I tried to download and create an account but there was an error when creating, now it takes my credentials that I set up but it keeps taking me back to the subscribe with the "restart NOW" .
 I am unable to see any content after subscribing today. I just get prompted to restart my subscription, which brings me back to where I subscribed but am already subscribed. I understand that a lot of people are probably signing up at the last minute but I still expect the service to be working.
Won't play Signed up for free preview. Won't play anything without asking me to renew subscription. Tried all steps in troubleshooting to uninstall, reinstall, logout of google, log back in, nothing worked. Worthless app
Doesnt even work. Got subscription. Doesnt show up. Asks me to renew. When I click renew. It logs me out. Like wtf
