In the midst of the financial and economic upheavals of the last several years. Morgan Stanley
has advanced our commitment to placing environmental, social and governance issues at the
center of our business activities. We established the Global Sustainable Finance Group in 2009
to provide a focused, strategic approach to this effort. Today, having reaffirmed our corporate
strategy and taken actions to put Morgan Stanley on a path to more consistent, sustainable
profitability, we remain committed to sustainability in all of its aspects.
This past year, we rearticulated our core values, which distill the essence of what matters most
for Morgan Stanley – our clients, shareholders, employees and communities – and for our
continued success in a world of continual change.
These values are illustrated throughout this year’s sustainability report:








Putting clients first – many stakeholder engagement activities and a strengthened new
product approval process actively demonstrate our commitment to acting in the best
interests of clients
Leading with exceptional ideas – in 2012, we launched our investing with impact
platform, enabling wealth management clients to create financial, social and
environmental value. Our clean technology investment banking team engaged in
advisory assignments. IPOs, and other financing transactions valued at over $6 billion.
These successes highlight our determination to identify unique opportunities and
develop pioneering financial solutions that can benefit all stakeholders
Doing the right thing – A strong culture of integrity, together with enhanced risk
management policies and practices, including those related to compensation, keep us
focused on our pursuit of long-term shareholder value. With those practices, we seek to
underscore the premium we place on honesty, collegiality and character
Giving back – Innovative community development and philanthropic programs
underscore a commitment to using our many resources, including intellect, capital and
pro bono services, to strengthen our communities. The dedication of our employees,
who last year contributed 176,000 hours to nonprofits around the globe, is exceptional

In our daily operations, too, we strive to demonstrate these values. We achieved our goal of
reducing carbon emissions 15 percent from a 2006 baseline a year ahead of schedule in 2012.
Our new goal calls for a further reduction of 15 percent in emissions from offices by 2017, a
cumulative 37 percent reduction from 2006. The deliberate actions that lead to our reduced
carbon emissions have been recognized in the LEDD certification attained by 21 of our
buildings. Significantly, Morgan Stanley’s headquarters building in New York recently received
LEED Gold for Existing Buildings, acknowledging the many resource-saving initiatives we have
implemented.
Throughout our 78-year history, we have built on the legacy of the exceptional individuals who
founded Morgan Stanley. By remaining true to our values and aspiring to long-term

sustainability, we will continue to honor that legacy while delivering lasting value to the many
stakeholders whose trust and respect we value.

James P. Gorman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

