Powering the Possible is more than a statement about our commitment to corporate responsibility—it’s
the truth about technology and what it’s enabling in the world. We are amazed every day by the
innovative ways in which our customers are using technology to achieve great things, making possible
today what was impossible yesterday.
At Dell, we’ve evolved our business to help our customers do more with technology. We’ve expanded
our portfolio of offerings to meet the end-to-end technology needs of our customers, from data center
solutions to cloud applications to end-user devices—and everything in between. We are doing so with a
steadfast commitment to innovate and execute best practices on behalf of our people, our communities
and the planet we share.
In fiscal year 2012, we continued to optimize our own environmental footprint while developing new
solutions and programs that make “green” easy for our customers. We are helping to develop the
world’s first sustainable packaging made from mushrooms and are piloting it in our server shipments
today. We are designing cloud and data center solutions that are raising the bar for energy efficiency.
We installed a state-of-the-art modular data center on the roof of a customer’s building in Arizona;
Dell’s fresh air capability allows it to run without chillers, despite the desert heat, and frees up 95
percent of the center’s power consumption for computing. And our server performance per watt has
improved 10,000 percent over the past 10 years—just one reason we were ranked among the top five of
Newsweek’s Greenest Companies in America for the third consecutive year.
We also have an innovative approach to engaging in the global community. In fiscal year2012, we
launched a groundbreaking partnership with the Translational Genomics Research Institute. This
collaboration employs Dell technology and resources to connect physicians and researchers,
accelerating personalized treatment for children with cancer. The project speeds the genomic analysis
time, from weeks to less than a day, and uses that critical information to deliver targeted patient care.
We also partnered with the American Red Cross to develop the first-ever digital operations center, a
tremendous resource that uses social media to monitor and operationalize humanitarian aid during
disasters. And, expanding the use of social media inside our company, we used our own social platform
to connect the Dell team to charitable causes and organizations they care about. Last year alone, our
team members logged 419,000 volunteer hours in 52 countries.
Our team and partners are the backbone of our company and we work every day to create an
environment in which they can be their best and do their best work. We know we can deliver better
outcomes for our customers by embracing the unique experiences, talents and thinking of our diverse
global team. This is not rhetoric—it’s a principle that guides everything we do at Dell. In fiscal year 2012,
we were ranked among the leaders in workplace diversity by Diversity Inc, Working Mother magazine,
and the Human Rights Campaign. We also joined the Sustainable Trade Initiative to proactively influence
and improve working conditions for the roughly half-million workers at electronics suppliers in China.
We strive to be a global leader in every aspect of our business and to do so with the utmost integrity
and ethics. We are proud to share our progress in the following pages of this report and to demonstrate
how we’re innovating at Dell to put our technology and expertise to work, creating new possibilities for
our customers, partners, neighbors, team and planet.
Michael Dell

Chairman and CEO
Dell Inc.

