At Intel, we believe that corporate responsibility is simply good business. Doing the right things the right
way creates value for Intel and strengthens our position as a global technology and business leader.
Deeply embedding corporate responsibility and a commitment to ethical behavior in all that we do helps
us mitigate risk, reduce costs, protect our brand value, and develop new market opportunities.
We believe that technology will continue to play a fundamental role in addressing the world’s toughest
environmental and social challenges—from energy and water conservation and management to
healthcare and education for all. Intel has an ambitious vision: Create and extend computing technology
to connect and enrich the life of every person on
Earth. One of our strategic objectives, in particular, supports this vision: “Care for our people, care for
the planet, and inspire the next generation.”
Care for our people. Intel’s success relies on our employees’ ability to create and innovate—in
technology, in business, and in their communities. We invest significant resources in employee training
and development, great place-to-work and diversity initiatives, and programs that empower employees
to volunteer with local schools and nonprofit organizations. For example, through our Intel Involved
program, our employees have donated more than5 million hours of volunteer service around the world
over the past five years. We measure our progress each year by soliciting employee feedback through
our annual Organizational Health Survey; in our 2012 survey, 88% of employees reported that they are
proud to work for Intel, up from 87% in 2011.
Care for the planet. We are committed to environmental leadership in our own operations, in our
products, and across our supply chain. Since 2008, Intel has been the largest voluntary purchaser of
“green” power in the U.S., according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Our investments in
energy conservation from
2008 through 2012 have saved more than 1.2 billion kilowatt-hours of energy, equivalent to removing
126,000 U.S. homes from the electric grid. We estimate that energy-efficient Intel® technology will
enable the billion PCs installed between 2007 and 2014 to consume half the energy and deliver 17 times
the compute capacity of the first billion PCs and servers installed worldwide (between 1980 and 2007).
We have also invested resources to improve the accountability and transparency of our suppliers, and
have formally integrated environmental metrics in the scorecards we use in our supplier management
and supplier recognition programs. Inspire the next generation. We believe that success in today’s
innovation economy depends on access to technology and quality education. Intel and the Intel
Foundation invest approximately $100 million annually in education programs around the world—from
technology training for teachers to premier science fairs for students.
In 2012, we helped launch the Stay With It™ campaign to help connect engineering students with each
other and with experienced engineers, role models, and influencers, and encourage them to stay with
engineering as their field of study. We also partnered on the launch of the “Girl Rising” film and 10x10
social action campaign, which highlights the importance of investing in the education of girls and women
to advance economic opportunity.
We strive for continuous improvement in our own business, and collaborate with other organizations to
advance best practices in corporate responsibility worldwide. As a United Nations Global Compact LEAD
member, we are committed to transparency in reporting about our corporate responsibility

performance and actions. We welcome your feedback on this report, prepared in accordance with the
Global Reporting Initiative* G3.1 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines.
I will retire in May 2013 after almost 40 years at the company. I am proud of the progress we have made
in corporate responsibility during the eight years I have served as CEO. It has been an honor to work
with the employees of Intel, who every day move technology forward, empower people, and transform
our world in ways we had never imagined.
I have no doubt that their innovations and actions will continue to improve lives while sustaining our
business—and the planet—in the years to come.

Paul S. Otellini
President and Chief Executive Officer
Intel Corporation

